# Rock-Paper-Scissors----
Rock, Paper, Scissors. The familiar game of Rock, Paper, Scissors is played like this: at the same time, two players display one of three symbols: a rock, paper, or scissors. A rock beats scissors, scissors beat paper by cutting it, and paper beats rock by covering it. Here game will be played between computer and the user. A best of 3 rounds system is designed as such for every win in a round, winner gets 1 point while loser gets 0 point. For a draw between them again 0 point is shared. At the end of 3 rounds player with the maximum points will be declared as the winner. Here I have used the input function to get user's choice for his play. For creating 3 rounds While loop is used. Use of control statements=if,else is also done. Rest you can view the code, I have attached py file of this game containing the code.

# ATM Machine----
ATMs are machines that dispense cash and allow you to make other banking transactions. An ATM typically consists of a screen, a card reader, a keypad, a cash dispenser and a printer. Here I have used the same principle for designing it. At first user will have to enter the pin for exploiting the ATM services. If user pin is correct, he will get displayed the message of choosing the services. A total of 3 chances will be given to enter the correct pin, otherwise message of wring pin and use after 24 hours will be displayed. Here user can withdraw cash, deposit cash and see bank balance.I have attached the ATM machine py file containing the code.

# Jumble Word Game---
A jumble word game is a word puzzle game that presents the player with a bunch of mixed up letters and requires them to unscramble the letters to find the hidden word.
The computer will take word and jumble it (mix up the letters).Then the player will guess what the word is. An initial word list could be: ['father', 'enterprise', 'science', 'programming', 'resistance', 'fiction', 'condition', 'reverse', 'computer', 'python'].I have attached the jumble word game py file containing the code.
